Open up a price. Can you afford this tower?
The tower is really his
If you are the same
Is the person who wants to save me too?
Sun Expert Daily
Oh, expert Sun, you are finally here.
Look at how much my son-in-law's tower is worth
If you can get a good price
I do it for my son-in-law
Don't let go of your worries
Hey, the plan is this, the money for this lie
Except you honor my family
Three left
How about nothing?
Why do you think I'll give it to you?
Hey Yanyan
Companies need capital to go public
As long as you are willing to help our Wang family
Then I will consider remarrying you
Sun experts should say
Give me shit
Congratulations to Jiang Shao for doubling the price of treasures
What baby is not his pharyngitis, okay?
That's not Expert Sun.
We are still in the dark
I still expect you to call me the Wang family
You are worthy of my Wang family's cultivation of you
Thank you for calling me my mother for three years
I already said it
You'd better count on him than on a beast
I really saw you right
You're just as defiant as ever
speak wildly
This is the common problem of you people at the bottom
My father hates it when people lie
Get out of here before he comes
Okay, just in time to show him that he chooses to ignore
What kind of face is it?
What are you, a little internet beggar?
I still want to get involved
You don't pee, do you deserve it?
Defiant no one disrupts the banquet
Occupying the position of the upper soldier is even more of a crime
Somebody break his leg and throw it in
Dad
The pheasant is not worthy of the phoenix
Not to mention
You are a wild dog about to have its leg broken
Hmm go
Wait a minute.